Perf guidelines (#303)
MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs: Odata-docs/performance/overview.md

---
title:  "Performance Guidelines"
description: Overview of performance improvements tips and guidelines when using OData libraries.
date:   2024-01-23
ms.date: 1/23/2023
author: habbes
ms.author: clhabins
---

# Performance guidelines

**Applies To**:[!INCLUDE[appliesto-webapi](../includes/appliesto-webapi-v8.md)][!INCLUDE[appliesto-webapi](../includes/appliesto-webapi-v7.md)][!INCLUDE[appliesto-odatalib](../includes/appliesto-odatalib-v7.md)]

> This section contains a series of articicles that provide tips and guidelines for improving performance when working with OData libraries. If your OData-based application is experience performance issues, consider implementing the guidelines in this section and measure using appropriate benchmarks and metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains a series of articles that provide tips and guidelines for improving performance when working with OData libraries. If your OData service is experiencing performance issues, consider implementing the guidelines in this section and measure using appropriate benchmarks and metrics.
```
"and measure using appropriate..." - and measure what?
